It was you who insisted that his mother give birth to him
I sent him abroad
It's up to you to bring him back
That's your son!
Did I give birth to this beast so that he could bite me back?
Did you raise him for a day?
You've been spending the rest of your life
Eat, drink, gamble
The only right thing you've done for half your life
Just gave birth to a dad
I'm your son
Would you like to help Tinlan
Even helping an outsider won't help me?
I've told you since that incident three years ago
Let's sever the father-son relationship
I don't have you as my son
Why do you want to help that kid?
I am the heir to the Shen family
It's all mine
It's all mine.
Let go
young master
Ah!